readme.md, before:

Chromium (Chrome, Opera published) and FireFox Extension for playing awesome chiptune from keygenmusic.tk
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onikienko/keygenjukebox-play-button/master/chromium/img/ext_icons/128.png)

**Just click the button to play chiptune from [keygenmusic.tk](http://keygenmusic.tk/)**

It plays mp3 version (not tracker) from mp3 mirror.

It uses [Chrome Extension Box](https://github.com/onikienko/chrome-extensions-box) for Chrome release building.

Install for your browser:

- **[Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keygenjukebox-play-button/olephdnjkkjiidgifanfiimkbbcaogid)**
- **[Opera](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/keygenjukebox-play-button/)**
- **[FireFox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/keygen-music-play-button/)**

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The idea of extension is simplicity. One button UI.  
Click on the icon to start. Click again to stop.  
Each time you click the icon, an extension is shuffling playlist.  
It is like a radio. You never know the next track.  
At the moment, there are more than 6 days of non-stop playing :scream:  

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Tips:**  

- Double-click on the extension icon for next track.
- Hover over extension icon to see Total played statistics (when stopped). When playing, you will see track title.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Manifest V3**

In the `mv3` folder located modern manifest v3 implementation. It's still work in progress.

**Firefox versions dev. notes**

In the `firefox` folder located an obsolete extension. Version implemented with webExtensions API is located under
the `firefox-webExtensions` folder.

In fact, this `firefox-webExtensions` is slightly modified `chromium` version (only `manifest.json` is different).

### Glory to Ukraine

Commit message:

docs: update readme.md with new icon and details about manifest v3

readme.md, after:

Chrome, Opera and FireFox Extension for playing awesome chiptune from keygenmusic.tk
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onikienko/keygenjukebox-play-button/master/chromium/img/ext_icons/128.png)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/onikienko/keygenjukebox-play-button/master/mv3/src/images/128.png)

**Just click the button to play chiptune from [keygenmusic.tk](http://keygenmusic.tk/)**

It plays mp3 version (not tracker) from mp3 mirror.

It uses [Chrome Extension Box](https://github.com/onikienko/chrome-extensions-box) for Chrome release building (manifest
v2) and [mv3-parcel-webext-template](https://github.com/onikienko/mv3-parcel-webext-template) for manifest v3.

Install for your browser:

- **[Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/keygenjukebox-play-button/olephdnjkkjiidgifanfiimkbbcaogid)**
- **[Opera](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/keygenjukebox-play-button/)**
- **[FireFox](https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/keygen-music-play-button/)**

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The idea of extension is simplicity. One button UI.  
Click on the icon to start. Click again to stop.  
Each time you click the icon, an extension is shuffling playlist.  
It is like a radio. You never know the next track.  
At the moment, there are more than 6 days of non-stop playing :scream:  

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Tips:**  

- Double-click on the extension icon for next track.
- Hover over extension icon to see Total played statistics (when stopped). When playing, you will see track title.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Manifest V3**

In the `mv3` folder located modern manifest v3 implementation. It's still work in progress.

**Firefox versions dev. notes**

In the `firefox` folder located an obsolete extension. Version implemented with webExtensions API is located under
the `firefox-webExtensions` folder.

In fact, this `firefox-webExtensions` is slightly modified `chromium` version (only `manifest.json` is different).

------------------------------------------------------

### Glory to Ukraine
